Hi, everyone. Welcome to another class.
advancing biology gives lessons today are
the nucleic acids best known as
molecules of dna and mother for gln people
these molecules she has last name
in fact the DNA molecule it
calls all ribonucleic oxygens that the
dna molecule called star
ribonucleic acid
which, after all, these molecules with names
so strange, right?
The dna molecule is formed by two
chains that we call candeias
can nucleotides
are these two tapes that are connected
urchin each other is where the line is made
simple in her has one had only those who
it's the tapes and what's up?
result of this chain may in the
also spoke of this means that the
dna molecule as well as proteins by
example are molecules that we treat
as the polymer sus or what is
is a polymer a polymer a molecule
which is formed by several
molecules small molecules smaller
these small molecules smaller than
constitute dna molecules the monomers
we call nucleotides each
fragment itself is a nucleotide am
light gave these goals they make up
both the dna tapes and the tapes of
how many nuclei make up
the tape everyone calls this chain of
the pole in the critic because it can mean
several is a chain formed by
several active nuclei but at the end of
what accounts is but is significant
because it is composed of people
these nucleotides are composed
for three units, right?
this skill that I presented for
black balls represents the grouping
phosphate in accessibility that is in
blue represents actually a suca one
in the case of dna we call this
old design sugar
in the case of rn we call sugar
boston
the difference between the sugar of dna iguaçu
pr is the presence of a naive act as
I gave the dna sugar does not have oxygen to
People call him dezzotti and he's bose.
indicating that this sugar is not
presented oxygen
now the ribose of rn presents the other
grouping that is because the implant
is called the nitrogenous base and the
nitrogenous bases they can be
several types in his case we can
have mines girls we can have
also guanine and cerbasi cytosine 13
day belongs rma
we will not end up in the place of
thymine the chain can nucleus tijuca vai
present a single type of base
nitrogen
when we join the phosphate group
the sugar
my base among the journey, we already
has a nucleotide when we join a
nucleotide or other one has the
chain may believe
dr n the nitrogenous base house né
for example now if I do not
intimidating
crude steel has to be necessarily
an old woman just recapturing so many people
the url may have adenine and guanine may
to have been sina but never a mining team
will have always uses whistles the dna may
mine is not going to have to
cures silva but it can have adenine
guanine and good cytosine you should already have
several terms such as
chromosome chromatin
all these terms always make
reference dna molecules or pieces
of the dna molecule a gene for example is
a fragment of an ama dna carries
has the necessary information to
constitute a feature of your
body
suddenly some interesting protein
no people
Let's talk a little more about the
reasons why they are part of the
of our nucleic acids attained
they can be sorry
the nucleotides and can present the
some kind of basis to the bases that people
public bases and the bases that
we call the bases and myths the bases
public are girls and girls
Call basis involving the journey
points between agencies we find
on these bases and the legal bases you
admire
the creek mill queue personal site
differences the public bases generally
generally present we present
two rings, right?
and the political basis presents the manel
only seven staff only to complete
so dna function it has all the
genetic characteristics of our body
in the goaninha function we go
study later I work a lot
transcription and translation process
It is actually an intermediary between the
let's say let's say so is the
end product that would be a protein
there are different types of DNA by
example exists is stuffed in this genre
no rn the carrier to the renaissance
like us is so on the
shipping company
rn this way and to the medical ribas
so each of them has a function
specific
hoineff engineer it used to be a
copy of a gene that needs to be
expressed in
how are you going to do to make this
gene is expressed
it will route you to a window that
flame ribosome
the ribosome has the ability to
produce proteins from the message
from nsg then walk like that to us
will succeed in being able to
protein that was the side - knot message
DNA carrier RNA that has the function
to carry mino assis
an as the proteins are formed by
amino acids and who produces this protein
it is the body revolution not the hemosul
need someone to deliver the
amino acids for him who will do this
m is the transport of the molecule
the woman carrier with gnr but the
she constitutes flights or she joins
some proteins to form the great
rival sum because the organelle that you
can find the function of it but
specifically in the classes seen today it leaves
staff we will enter these
details here
a class that we call class of
translation and transcription transcription
process by which we form
dna molecules and translation process
by which is messenger is translated into
thanks to the help of the great emotion
certain people until the next class and a
grace